So welcome to the last video in these bootstrap template section.
So we've added the hate schimel for the Contact Us page.
And next we'll add the CSA to make it look a little bit more like the final project.
So let's head over to our custom success.
So if a copy of the comment.
I will paste is just below the above was section.
Going to call this the Contact Us section.
So we get this section a is of contact.
To get started.
Want to add some pun in on to the bottom of the div of 30 pixels.
Just to give it some space from the footer.
Will also add the text the line of centre nissel make sure that the divider image is in the middle of
the page and then next will start in the left handed.
So let's start by adding some stylin for the address section.
So if we go back into the contact page we added a custom class of address and this class was surround
and the whole of the address section.
So back into the customs we assess we can use that now.
So first of all we'll make sure the text is aligned to the left.
Will add a bit of space into the top so it's a margin top of 30 pixels.
To make the font size a little bit bigger.
Will just increase the font size to be one point to Ms.
To space out the lines.
It set the line height to be two ends.
When I take a look.
Refresh.
Oh.
So next I want to change the colour of the icons to match the rest of the website.
So within the address Plus Target the icons with the eye.
So let's change the colour of the icons.
To be 9 7 6 8 9 see.
Take a look at that.
Okay good.
That's changed the icon to the pinky purple cool.
That's all fine for now.
So the next thing I want to do is much the 30 pixels margin so the frame is aligned at the top.
And for now I frame stretchin a little bit too big.
So will add the maximum weight of 100 percent to keep that wood in the container.
So let's let the contact idae.
The I frame.
So much the margin top.
Of the left undies to be 30 pixels.
Answer.
I framed as it too big.
Will set the maximum which to be 100 percent.
Let's save and take a look at that.
Great site looks a lot better we've now got the two divs aligned from the top and also the frame doesn't
stretch too wide so the last thing I want to change is just add a little bit a pub in or margin onto
the top of the message section so it keeps that consistent with the rest of the website.
We'll set that to be 30 pixels so we give this section a custom class of message area.
So we just need to add some margin onto the top.
Or 30 pixels.
Um refresh.
Great site looks good on the desktop view.
If we just shrink the browser down to the mobile view.
There's not a lot we really need to do.
There's just one thing that I want to change.
We need to add the text line to be Centre on the mobile view so we can do that down in the media query.
And because we've also got the foot in class to have the Texas line centre could just add this on to
the end so we can add our class of address.
Save and take a look at that.
Great.
So there we go site looks a lot better now.
That's the boost of template finish for our projects.
And that's the end of this section.
So thanks for listening.
And if you join me in the next section book in style by converting our bootstrap template to word press.